Add Basic Concepts section to docs (#78)
slackapi/bolt-python: docs/_basic/acknowledging_events.md

---
title: Acknowledging events
lang: en
slug: acknowledge
order: 7
---

<div class="section-content">

Actions, commands, and options events must **always** be acknowledged using the `ack()` function. This lets Slack know that the event was received and updates the Slack user interface accordingly.

> Depending on the type of event, your acknowledgement may be different. For example, when acknowledging a dialog submission you will call `ack()` with validation errors if the submission contains errors, or with no parameters if the submission is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of event, your acknowledgement may be different. For example, when acknowledging a menu selection associated with an external data source, you would call `ack()` with a list of relevant [options](https://api.slack.com/reference/block-kit/composition-objects#option).
```

We recommend calling `ack()` right away before sending a new message or fetching information from your database since you only have 3 seconds to respond.

</div>

```python
# Listen for dialog submissions with a callback_id of ticket_submit

> @app.action("ticket_submit")

Reviewer 2: Ah, Bolt for Python doesn't work with code for dialog submission yet (it works when passing a dict to `app.action` or use `app.dialog_submission`). I will create a ticket and will fix this. By the way, should we use a dialog submission example here? I think we may want to use `block_acions` and so on instead.

Author: Oh, interesting! I'm not sure why I ported it over this way, but the BoltJS example also uses an object to pass the `callback_id`. I'm happy to change this example to be the following:

```
@app.action({ "callback_id": "ticket_submit" })
```

In terms of changing the example from `block_actions`, I don't feel strongly either way, but I do think we should maintain parity between documentation and change both in one go.

Can you confirm the above suggested change is appropriate and functional?

Reviewer 2: This code works now. You don’t need to change it. https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/pull/83

Author: After playing around with this for a bit (and understanding what, by definition, are `block_actions`), I'm not sure what example to put in place here. 

We reference the necessity to use `ack()` with errors included as a response when things aren't valid in the leading paragraph, but we give that example (or will, once I push this code, per request) in our `view_submission` example.

Reviewer: I think we can use an example of external select menus OR just use a regular acknowledgement. Dialogs have no advantage over modals, so I don't think we should implicitly recommend them with code examples.

Author: Went with the external select menu since we reference it in the paragraph. Because we offer this example also in another section, altered it only slightly to draw a parallel to the language used in the paragraph. 

If either of you see a problem with this, or have edits to suggest, just let me know!

```
# Example of responding to an external_select options request
@app.options("menu_selection")
def show_menu_options(ack):
    options = [
        {
            "text": {"type": "plain_text", "text": "Option 1"},
            "value": "1-1",
        },
        {
            "text": {"type": "plain_text", "text": "Option 2"},
            "value": "1-2",
        },
    ]
    ack(options=options)
```

Reviewer: Looks good!

def process_submission(ack, action):
    # Regex to determine if this is a valid email
    is_email = "^[a-z0-9]+[\._]?[a-z0-9]+[@]\w+[.]\w{2,3}$"

>     if re.match(is_email, action["submission"]["email"]):

Reviewer 2: having `import re` in the first line may be a bit more suitable for beginners.

        # It’s a valid email, accept the submission
        ack()
    else:
        # If it isn’t a valid email, acknowledge with an error
        errors = [{
            "name": "email_address",
            "error": "Sorry, this isn’t a valid email"
        }]

>         ack({"errors": errors})

Reviewer 2: TODO: `ack(errors=errors)` should work for dialogs too. If it doesn't work for dialog, I will fix it.

Reviewer 2: I found this doesn't work with 0.5.0 - I've already created a PR fixing this. I will release 0.5.1 soon.

Author: Would we like to feature `ack(errors=errors)` as the code example here instead?

Reviewer 2: Either is fine but I prefer keyword args here
